SUMMARY1:
Before Green Fox I was working mainly as a teacher, using methods of democratic and creative teaching. I was editing digital history book for the German minority 
schools in Hungary.

SUMMARY2:
I worked in the financial sector where I created insurance programs for multinational companies, developed financing products supporting the export of SME’s.
 In my last position as business analyst I was member of a software development team where I found a new passion - coding.

SUMMARY3:
I have gained experience throughout my career in the commercial sector, quality management & financial industry. I fell in love with coding, after
 participating on GFA’s summer camp last year and this new intriguing world has sparked my imagination.



Motivation part MAX 200 characters (including spaces). Some examples:
MOTIVATION1:
The biggest motivation for me is to find a place where I can make a difference. I always chose projects where I felt I could learn, improve myself,
 work on challenging and interesting tasks as well as creating something that helps the society, environment. For me taking responsibilities and having 
 decision to make motivate me.

MOTIVATION2:
The biggest motivation for me in work is to create business solutions that meet customers’ needs. I am driven by results and continuous learning.

MOTIVATION3:
Writing codes gives me much more satisfaction at the end of the day than any of my previous jobs. Also, the flexibility, the wide range of possibilities
 and the positive financial prospects that the IT sector can provide are engaging.


I find coding the most interesting puzzle I've faced with so far. It's a puzzle where you can put the pieces a hundred different way together and most
 of the solutions can be the best or the worst in different scenarios. I love puzzles.

 working in a team, different kind of problems, creativity, 0-100,learning

 The biggest motivation for me to find a place where I am part of an honest and awesome team, in which we find the most efficient way how a project become from zero to hero.

 - production
 - helping with organization
 - improving workflow
 - quality control

 - Quality Control - Unite the Union meber